feat(memory): add listThreads method with flexible filtering (#11832)
mastra-ai/mastra: docs/src/content/en/guides/migrations/upgrade-to-v1/storage.mdx

The `getThreadsByResourceId()` method has been replaced with `listThreads()`, which supports optional filtering by `resourceId` and/or `metadata`.

To migrate, use the memory store and the new `listThreads()` method with an optional filter object.

```diff
- const threads = await storage.getThreadsByResourceId({
-   resourceId: 'res-123',
- });
+ const memoryStore = await storage.getStore('memory');
+ const threads = await memoryStore?.listThreads({
+   filter: { resourceId: 'res-123' },
+   page: 0,
+   perPage: 20,
+ });
```

The new method also supports:
- Listing all threads (omit filter)
- Filtering by metadata only
- Combined resourceId + metadata filters

```typescript
// List all threads
await memoryStore?.listThreads({ page: 0, perPage: 20 });

// Filter by metadata only
await memoryStore?.listThreads({
  filter: { metadata: { status: 'active' } },
  page: 0,
  perPage: 20,
});

// Combined filter
await memoryStore?.listThreads({
  filter: {
    resourceId: 'user-123',
    metadata: { category: 'support' },
  },
  page: 0,
  perPage: 20,
});
```

:::tip[Codemod]

You can use Mastra's codemod CLI to update your code automatically:

```shell

> npx @mastra/codemod@latest list-threads-by-resource-to-list-threads .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx @mastra/codemod@beta v1/list-threads-by-resource-to-list-threads .
```

+ const scores = await scoresStore?.listScoresByScorerId({ scorerId: 'helpfulness' });
```

### `getThreadsByResourceId` to `listThreads`

The `getThreadsByResourceId()` method has been replaced with `listThreads()`. The new method adds pagination support and filtering by `resourceId`, `metadata`, or both.

> **Important:** The old `getThreadsByResourceId()` returned all matching threads without pagination. The new `listThreads()` requires pagination parameters. To preserve the old behavior of fetching all threads, use `perPage: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::important

The old `getThreadsByResourceId()` returned all matching threads without pagination. The new `listThreads()` requires pagination parameters. To preserve the old behavior of fetching all threads, use `perPage: false`.

:::
```
